okay, i was using scoreapp for a while, but I couldn't really justify the cost. I realized what I can do though is build a template using AI.I'm thinking
* replit with custom domain
* supabase
and build it with windsurf or cursor.What do you think?EditI understand you're looking to build your own alternative to ScoreApp. While I can help you think through the technical architecture, I should note that I can't verify specific details about ScoreApp's features since it may have changed after my last update.
For a scoring/tracking application, your tech stack choices are solid, but let me suggest some considerations:
Instead of Windsurf (which I'm not familiar with), you might want to consider:

Next.js with React - It's well-documented and has great Supabase integration
SvelteKit - If you want something lighter and faster to build with

Supabase is an excellent choice as your backend since it provides:

Real-time subscriptions for live score updates
Row-level security for user data
Built-in authentication
PostgreSQL database with a generous free tier

As for development environment:

Replit is good for prototyping, but for a production app, you might want to consider Vercel or Netlify
They offer free tiers with custom domains and better deployment features
They integrate well with Next.js and other modern frameworks

Would you like me to help you sketch out a basic architecture for this scoring app? It would help if you could share what specific features you're looking to implement. CopyRetryJGoh windsurf is like cursor. it's bascially an AI programming IDEEditAh, I apologize for my confusion! Now I understand - you're talking about AI-assisted development tools. That makes sense, using an AI coding assistant could definitely speed up development compared to building everything from scratch.
Would you like help planning out the initial architecture? I could help you structure the database schema and core components you'd need for a scoring application. This way, regardless of which AI coding assistant you use (Cursor or Windsurf), you'll have a clear plan to guide the development.
The core pieces would likely be:

User authentication and management through Supabase
Real-time score tracking/updates
Game/match management
Historical statistics and reporting

Which aspects would you like to tackle first? CopyRetryJGyeah, i don't really even need user authentication. It would just beA quiz or assessment.
* it would give them a results page.
* and then the opportunity to request more information (which is basically the lead magnet part)so it's like
* base url (the quiz itself)
* supabase can then track active quiz sessions.
* and the /results
* give basic results. store results in another supabase table (say quiz results)
* then if they request more information
* /details
* where it can give more advanced analysisEditThat's a much more focused scope - essentially a lead-generation quiz funnel. Let me help you sketch out the architecture and database schema.Quiz System ArchitectureClick to open diagramLet me break down the key components:

Frontend Routes:

/ - Main quiz interface
/results - Basic results visualization
/details - Detailed analysis (gated content)


Supabase Tables:

quiz_sessions: Tracks active quiz attempts
quiz_responses: Stores individual answers
lead_requests: Captures contact info for detailed results



Would you like me to create a basic Next.js + Supabase starter setup with these routes? We can use either the App Router or Pages Router depending on your preference. I can also include some example components for the quiz interface.
We could also start with the database setup first - I can help you write the SQL for creating these tables in Supabase with the proper relationships and indexes. Which part would you like to tackle first? CopyRetryJGmakes sense. now since im building this from scratch to be a template. what would I need in my replit?EditI'll help you set up the complete Replit environment. Since this is a template, we'll need to make sure we have all the necessary configuration files and dependencies set up.
Let me lay out the essential files and structure:

Core Project Files:

Copy/
├── .env.local.example  # Template for environment variables
├── package.json        # Dependencies and scripts
├── next.config.js     # Next.js configuration
├── tsconfig.json      # TypeScript configuration
├── .gitignore         # Git ignore file
├── tailwind.config.js # Tailwind configuration
└── postcss.config.js  # PostCSS configuration

Source Structure:

Copy/app
├── layout.tsx        # Root layout
├── page.tsx         # Quiz page (root route)
├── results
│   └── page.tsx     # Results page
└── details
    └── page.tsx     # Detailed analysis page

Key dependencies in package.json:

jsonCopy{
  "dependencies": {
    "@supabase/supabase-js": "latest",
    "next": "latest",
    "react": "latest",
    "react-dom": "latest",
    "tailwindcss": "latest"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "typescript": "latest",
    "@types/react": "latest",
    "@types/node": "latest",
    "autoprefixer": "latest",
    "postcss": "latest"
  }
}
Would you like me to create a starter template with all these files? I can set up the basic configuration and structure, including Supabase client initialization and basic routing.
Also, do you want to include any UI libraries like shadcn/ui or keep it minimal with just Tailwind?